capital = 44

OOB = "ALB_1936"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
}

recruit_character = ALB_king_zog
recruit_character = ALB_enver_hoxha
recruit_character = ALB_xhemal_aranitasi
recruit_character = ALB_tefik_mborja
recruit_character = ALB_halil_nergutti
recruit_character = ALB_ismael_ghaxa
recruit_character = ALB_hajre_fetahu
recruit_character = ALB_xhelal_mitrovica
recruit_character = ALB_selim_moishiou
recruit_character = ALB_kol_bibe_mirakaj
recruit_character = ALB_qemal_komani
recruit_character = ALB_prenk_pervizi
recruit_character = ALB_alexander_mori
recruit_character = ALB_aziz_sulejmani
recruit_character = ALB_kristo_cajupi
recruit_character = ALB_eqrem_libohova
recruit_character = ALB_zuhdi_shabani
recruit_character = ALB_rexhep
recruit_character = ALB_hasan_begolli
recruit_character = ALB_fiqri_dine
recruit_character = ALB_midhat_frasheri
recruit_character = ALB_jocelyn_percy
recruit_character = ALB_Riza_Cerova
recruit_character = ALB_Fan_Noli
recruit_character = ALB_Mostafa_el_Nahas_Pasha
recruit_character = ALB_Celadet_Ali_Bedirxan
recruit_character = ALB_Said_Nursi
recruit_character = ALB_Makram_Ebeid
recruit_character = ALB_Ahmed_Hussein
recruit_character = ALB_Rashid_Ali_al_Gaylani 
recruit_character = ALB_Mohamed_Naguib
recruit_character = ALB_Ihsan_Nuri 
recruit_character = ALB_Ekrem_Cemilpasa
recruit_character = ALB_Vahan_Papazian 
recruit_character = ALB_Francesco_Jacomoni 
recruit_character = ALB_wilhelm_of_wied
recruit_character = ALB_Omer_Nishani
recruit_character = ALB_Haxhi_Lleshi
recruit_character = ALB_Mehmet_Shehu
recruit_character = ALB_Nako_Spiru
recruit_character = ALB_abaz_kupi
recruit_character = ALB_muharrem_bajraktari
recruit_character = ALB_mustafa_gjinishi
recruit_character = ALB_ymer_dishnica
recruit_character = ALB_liri_gega
recruit_character = ALB_myslym_peza
recruit_character = ALB_Gani_bey_Kryeziu
recruit_character = ALB_baba_faja_mart
recruit_character = ALB_ali_kelcyra
recruit_character = ALB_safet_butka
recruit_character = ALB_xhafer_deva
recruit_character = ALB_xhem_hasa
recruit_character = ALB_abas_ermenji
recruit_character = ALB_spiro_moisiu
recruit_character = ALB_thoma_orologa
recruit_character = ALB_ollga_plumbi
recruit_character = ALB_sejfulla_maleshova
recruit_character = ALB_kostandin_boshnjaku
recruit_character = ALB_mirash_ivanaj
recruit_character = ALB_aziz_cami
recruit_character = ALB_ndok_gjeloshi
recruit_character = ALB_tuk_akova
recruit_character = ALB_Mustafa_Merlika_Kruji
recruit_character = ALB_riza_dani
recruit_character = ALB_qazim_koculi
recruit_character = ALB_haki_stermilli
recruit_character = ALB_llazar_fundo
recruit_character = ALB_arnaldo_azzi
recruit_character = ALB_david_smiley
recruit_character = ALB_billy_mcclean
recruit_character = ALB_julian_amery
recruit_character = ALB_qazim_mulleti
recruit_character = ALB_sadik_rama
recruit_character = ALB_ismet_kryeziu
recruit_character = ALB_eshref_frasheri
recruit_character = ALB_bedri_pejani
recruit_character = ALB_fadil_hoxa


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	add_ideas = ALB_italian_officers
	add_ideas = ALB_mandatory_service
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 2
	fascism = 2
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 95
}

set_convoys = 5

