capital = 292

oob = "SAU_1936"

# Starting tech
inherit_technology = BOL

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}

	set_technology = { camelry = 1 }
	set_technology = {gwtank_chassis = 1}
	set_technology = {armored_car1 = 1}
	set_technology = {fuel_refining = 1}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = SAU_abdulaziz_ibn_saud
recruit_character = SAU_faisal_ibn_saud
recruit_character = SAU_mansur_saud
recruit_character = SAU_mishaal_al_saud
recruit_character = SAU_muhammad_saud
recruit_character = SAU_saud_al_saud
recruit_character = SAU_nasser_saud
recruit_character = SAU_sara_saud

recruit_character = SAU_yusuf_yasin
recruit_character = SAU_muhammad_sheikh
recruit_character = SAU_khalid_ibn_saud

recruit_character = SAU_ibra_al_suwayel
recruit_character = SAU_abdullah_ash_sheikh
recruit_character = SAU_philip_gordon_lee
recruit_character = SAU_youssef_al_bishi
recruit_character = SAU_hamadan_al_odha
recruit_character = SAU_sa_ad_shaddad_al_outaibi
recruit_character = SAU_karim_nassar
recruit_character = SAU_hamed_al_sabani
recruit_character = SAU_ismail_ali_al_salhi
recruit_character = SAU_ali_muhammed_khan
recruit_character = SAU_gholam_wali
recruit_character = SAU_abd_al_saud_old
recruit_character = SAU_al_hamdan
recruit_character = SAU_al_ateeqi
recruit_character = SAU_hamza
recruit_character = SAU_olayan
recruit_character = SAU_ahmed_juffali
recruit_character = SAU_hafiz_wahbe
recruit_character = SAU_khalid_gargani
recruit_character = SAU_shakib_arslan
recruit_character = SAU_rob_bingham
recruit_character = SAU_fritz_grobba
recruit_character = SAU_harold_dickson   
recruit_character = SAU_amin_al_husseini  
recruit_character = SAU_abdul_al_husayni  
recruit_character = SAU_said_bin_taimur 
recruit_character = SAU_ahmad_al_sabah  
recruit_character = SAU_abd_al_sunayd
recruit_character = SAU_ishaq_yaqub
recruit_character = SAU_yusuf_yaqub
recruit_character = SAU_karim_khakimov
recruit_character = SAU_hamad_al_suwailem
recruit_character = SAU_muhammad_al_shanqiti
recruit_character = SAU_abdullah_humayd
recruit_character = SAU_abdul_al_duwish
recruit_character = SAU_shura_council_democratic
recruit_character = SAU_soviet_council
recruit_character = SAU_shura_council_neutrality
recruit_character = SAU_ulema_council

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 2
	neutrality = 90
	fascism = 5
	communism = 3
}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vickers 6 ton A"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = secondary_turret_hmg
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_ENG_light_BAB_camo"
		obsolete = yes #export only
	}

add_ideas = {
	SAU_shia_minorities
	SAU_limited_agri
	SAU_poor_country
	SAU_hajj_pilgrims
	SAU_the_ulema
}

