capital = 757

oob = "TIB_1936"

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 8
	neutrality = 77
	fascism = 5
	communism = 10
}

# Starting tech
inherit_technology = BOL
set_technology = {
    tech_mountaineers = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	TIB_highest_region_on_earth1
	TIB_young_dalai_lama
	TIB_spiritual_society
	TIB_religious_minorities
	TIB_bureaucracy
	TIB_tibet_class_system
	TIB_tibetan_army1
}

add_manpower = 55000

recruit_character = TIB_jamphel_yeshe_gyaltsen
recruit_character = TIB_penor_tashi
recruit_character = TIB_tsepon_shatra
recruit_character = TIB_gyato_wangdu
recruit_character = TIB_lobsang_tenzin
recruit_character = TIB_sampo_tsewang_rigzin
recruit_character = TIB_chama_samphe
recruit_character = TIB_chodak_karma
recruit_character = TIB_tenpa_jamyang
recruit_character = TIB_sogyal_rinpoche
recruit_character = TIB_bapa_yeshe
recruit_character = TIB_jampal_rabgye_rinpoche
recruit_character = TIB_chaghoe_namgyal_dorje
recruit_character = TIB_jamyang_rabten
recruit_character = TIB_khemey_sonam_wangdi
recruit_character = TIB_jigme_taring
recruit_character = TIB_reting_rimpoche
recruit_character = TIB_taktra_rinpoche

recruit_character = TIB_heinrich_harrer
recruit_character = TIB_ernst_krause
recruit_character = TIB_peter_aufschnaiter
recruit_character = TIB_ishikawa_sanshiro 
recruit_character = TIB_jiang_kanghu
recruit_character = TIB_liu_shifu 
recruit_character = TIB_ngawang_kesang 
recruit_character = TIB_anarchist_council
recruit_character = TIB_charles_bell
recruit_character = TIB_basil_gould
recruit_character = TIB_tashi_namgyal
recruit_character = TIB_tsepon_shakabpa1
recruit_character = TIB_tsepon_shakabpa2
recruit_character = TIB_gyalo_thondup
recruit_character = TIB_thubten_norbu
recruit_character = TIB_gyurme_topgyal
recruit_character = TIB_canlocen
recruit_character = TIB_gendun_chopel
recruit_character = TIB_thubten_kunphela
recruit_character = TIB_trimon_shap
recruit_character = TIB_lhalu_dorje
recruit_character = TIB_tsipon_lungshar
recruit_character = TIB_wangdu_kyipup
recruit_character = TIB_phuntsok_wangyal
recruit_character = TIB_tian_guansan
recruit_character = TIB_pandatsang_rapga
recruit_character = TIB_dalai_lama_d
recruit_character = TIB_jinzo_nomoto
recruit_character = TIB_rolf_magener
recruit_character = TIB_george_patterson
recruit_character = TIB_geoffrey_bull
recruit_character = TIB_parliament_republic
recruit_character = TIB_parliament_theocracy
recruit_character = TIB_brooke_dolan_two
recruit_character = TIB_ilya_tolstoy
recruit_character = TIB_giuseppe_tucci
recruit_character = TIB_kalu_rinpoche
recruit_character = TIB_tenzin_chodrag
recruit_character = TIB_jigdral_dorje
recruit_character = TIB_ngapoi_zhoigar
recruit_character = TIB_huang_musong
recruit_character = TIB_tsarong_dramdul
recruit_character = TIB_ngapoi_jigme

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = production_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = infrastructure_effort
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	oob = "TIB_1939"
	set_technology = {
		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1

		mass_assault = 1
		pocket_defence = 1
		defence_in_depth = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
	complete_special_project = {
		project = sp:sp_air_radar
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}